---
indicator: 1.3.1
layout: indicator
permalink: /1-3-1/
sdg_goal: '1'
target_id: '1.3'
published: true
target: >-
  Implement nationally appropriate social protection systems and measures for
  all, including floors, and by 2030 achieve substantial coverage of the poor
  and the vulnerable
indicator_name: >-
  Proportion of population covered by social protection floors/systems, by sex,
  distinguishing children, unemployed persons, older persons, persons with
  disabilities, pregnant women, newborns, work-injury victims and the poor and
  the vulnerable
un_designated_tier: II
un_custodian_agency: 'International Labour Organization (ILO), World Bank (WB)'

national_metadata: ''
global_metadata: 'https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/metadata/?Text=&Goal=1&Target=1.3'
global_metadata_text: United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Metadata (PDF 894 KB)

reporting_status: notstarted

data_non_statistical: false
graph_type: bar
graph_title: >-
  Proportion of population covered by at least one social protection benefit, by
  sex
source_active_1: false
source_active_2: false
source_active_3: false
source_active_4: false
source_active_5: false
source_active_6: false
indicator_sort_order: 01-03-01
data_show_map: false
source_url_text_1: Link to source
source_url_text_2: Link to Source
source_url_3: Link to source
source_url_text_4: Link to source
source_url_text_5: Link to source
source_url_text_6: Link to source
source_active_7: false
source_url_text_7: Link to source
source_active_8: false
source_url_text_8: Link to source
source_active_9: false
source_url_text_9: Link to source
title: Untitled
---
â–¶ Data type: Alternative national data (Type3) This is national statistics used as an alternative even not exactly corresponding to UN SDGs indicators. When no statistics corresponding to Type1 and 2, it can be selected through consultation with the concerned agencies.

