---
indicator: 16.4.1
layout: indicator
permalink: /16-4-1/
sdg_goal: '16'
indicator_sort_order: 16-04-01
title: >-
  Total value of inward and outward illicit financial flows (in current United
  States dollars)
graph_type: line
un_designated_tier: III
un_custodian_agency: 'UNODC,UNCTAD'
target_id: '16.4'

indicator_name: >-
  Total value of inward and outward illicit financial flows (in current United
  States dollars)
target: >-
  By 2030, significantly reduce illicit financial and arms flows, strengthen the
  recovery and return of stolen assets and combat all forms of organized crime
  
reporting_status: notapplicable

un_sd_indicator_code: C160401

national_metadata: ''
global_metadata: 'https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/tierIII-indicators/files/Tier3-16-04-01.pdf'

goal_meta_link: 'http://unstats.un.org/sdgs/files/metadata-compilation/Metadata-Goal-16.pdf'
goal_meta_link_text: United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Metadata (pdf 1361kB)

published: true
source_active_1: false
source_url_text_1: Link to Source
source_active_2: false
source_url_text_2: Link to Source
source_active_3: false
source_url_3: Link to Source
data_non_statistical: false
data_show_map: false
source_active_4: false
source_url_text_4: Link to source
source_active_5: false
source_url_text_5: Link to source
source_active_6: false
source_url_text_6: Link to source
source_active_7: false
source_url_text_7: Link to source
source_active_8: false
source_url_text_8: Link to source
source_active_9: false
source_url_text_9: Link to source
---
â–¶ Data unavailable: There are currently no national statistics (Type 1), international statistics (Type 2), or alternative national statistics (Type 3) available. The Data of Type 1, type 2, or type 3 can be also included in case of temporary unavailability.
